[Idle Detection article] Add DevTools support (#3634)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/idle-detection/index.md

console.log('IdleDetector is stopped.');
```

### DevTools support

> You can emulate idle events in the Chrome DevTools, no need to actually idle around.

Reviewer: Worth mentioning that this is Chrome 86+?

Author: Done.

> You can emulate idle events in the Chrome DevTools, no need to actually idle around.

Author: ```suggestion
Starting in Chrome&nbsp;86, you can emulate idle events in the Chrome DevTools, no need to actually idle around.
```

> Starting in Chrome&nbsp;86, you can emulate idle events in the Chrome DevTools, no need to actually idle around.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Starting in Chrome&nbsp;86, you can emulate idle events in Chrome DevTools without needing to idle around.
```

Reviewer 2: What does 'idle around' mean? I get what you're saying. What I'm having trouble with is that 'idle' is a lack of action, yet you're  treating it like an action. I wonder if there's a better way to say that.

Author: "you can emulate idle events in Chrome DevTools without actually being idle."

The reverse were amazing: you can emulate busy events in Chrome DevTools without actually being busy. :-)

In DevTools, open the **Sensors** tab and look for **Emulate Idle Detector state**.
You can see the various options in the video below.

> <figure class="w-figure">
>     <video controls autoplay loop muted class="w-screenshot">      
>       <source src="./devtools.mp4" type="video/mp4">
>     </video>
>    <figcaption class="w-figcaption">
>       Idle Detector state emulation in DevTools.
>     </figcaption>
>   </figure>

Author: ```suggestion
<figure class="w-figure">
  <video controls autoplay loop muted class="w-screenshot">
    <source src="./devtools.mp4" type="video/mp4">
  </video>
  <figcaption class="w-figcaption">
    Idle Detector state emulation in DevTools.
  </figcaption>
</figure>
```

## Acknowledgements

The Idle Detection API was implemented by [Sam Goto](https://twitter.com/samuelgoto).

> DevTools support was added by [Maksim Sadym](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sadym/).

Reviewer: @maximgrafin PTAL
